[SYCL] Add guidelines for working on release branches (#17042)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/developer/WorkingOnAReleaseBranch.md

# Working on a release branch

> Release branch is defined as a branch whose name starts with `sycl-rel-` prefix.

Author: Applied in 46c917a90f8b3e25e1a8e30e1d410db61ab323e3

> Those branches are intended to indicate stable snapshots of our product so that
> our users don't need to guess which nightly build is good enough for our needs.

Reviewer: Optionally:
```suggestion
Those branches are intended to indicate stable snapshots of SYCL compiler 
in comparison with non-stable nightly snapshots.
```

> our users don't need to guess which nightly build is good enough for our needs.

Author: Applied in 46c917a90f8b3e25e1a8e30e1d410db61ab323e3

Therefore, those branches have higher quality requirements and as such have
different contribution rules intended to preserve their stability.

> If you are not familiar with [general contribution guidelines][contributing] or
> [DPC++ specific contribution guidelines][contributing-to-dpcpp], please

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are not familiar with the [general contribution guidelines][contributing] or
the [DPC++ specific contribution guidelines][contributing-to-dpcpp], please
```

Author: Applied in 46c917a90f8b3e25e1a8e30e1d410db61ab323e3

familiarize yourself with those documents first because they also apply to
release branches.

## Extra rules for release branches

### Only cherry-picks are allowed

It is assumed, that everything you do on a release branch, should also be

> repeated on the main branch to ensure that it is automatically included into

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this should be *the default branch* instead of *the main branch* to avoid confusion with the upstream main branch which exists but is not the default?

Author: Addressed this in d3a51ea82ac6b2c08c22eed17e4b5ddfec41f1f8

future releases.

Therefore, when submitting a PR to a release branch, its description should
contain a link to the corresponding PR in the main `sycl` branch.

Note that it is not acceptable to first merge something into a
release branch and then apply it to the main `sycl` branch. The flow goes in
the opposite direction where you first land a patch to the main branch and then
backport it to a release branch.

> 

Reviewer: Should we add somewhere that if some failure is observed in pre-commit, author of PR should create an issue with specific tag indicating the release (if adding GH tag is not possible due to permissions, issue caption must have a tag in text format like [REL-***]

Author: I suppose that rules about creating issues for release branches (and any special markup for them) should probably be documented elsewhere in a generic manner (i.e. even for those who do not contribute to release branches, but uses them). But I don't know what this place would be.

Specifically for pre-commit issues observed at release branches, I would prefer to have stricter rules, i.e. it seems wrong to merge a PR with a new failure in a pre-commit into release branch

### No new features are allowed

> Features are generally more complicated then bug fixes and may require further

Author: Applied in 46c917a90f8b3e25e1a8e30e1d410db61ab323e3
